Documentation - Add docs for Visual Editor updates (#1845)
growthbook/growthbook: docs/docs/visual-editor.mdx

![Visual Editor Drag and Drop Handle](/images/visual-editor-move-handle.png)

Once dragging, the cursor will highlight an edge where the dragged element will land. When you release the cursor the element will move to the indicated spot. If you want to undo the move, click the 'Undo' button that is available for elements that have been dragged.

![Visual Editor Drag and Drop Example](/images/visual-editor-drag-and-drop.gif)

### SDK Warnings

The Visual Editor will present warnings to users who show signs of misconfiguration with respect to their GrowthBook SDK.

**The Visual Editor will still work as intended and save your changes.** However these warnings are to help alert you to issues that may occur when running the visual experiment for your customers.

#### SDK is not present

This message is indicating that the page you are editing does not have a GrowthBook SDK loaded. An SDK is required to be loaded and running on your page for your experiments to run.

<img style={{ width: '400px'}} src="/images/visual-editor-sdk-not-detected.png" alt="SDK is not present"/>

#### SDK is not up to date

> This message is indicating that your GrowthBook SDK is working but not up todate. You may encounter unexpected behavior as a result.

Reviewer: Minor typo here, "up todate" --> "up to date".

> This message is indicating that your GrowthBook SDK is working but not up todate. You may encounter unexpected behavior as a result.

Author: ```suggestion
This message is indicating that your GrowthBook SDK is working but not up to date. You may encounter unexpected behavior as a result.
```

<img style={{ width: '400px'}} src="/images/visual-editor-sdk-out-of-date.png" alt="SDK is not present"/>

#### Hash attribute is missing

This message is indicating that the hash attribute defined for your visual experiment is not being provided to the SDK. The hash attribute is required for the SDK to bucket users and without it, it cannot run the visual experiment.

<img style={{ width: '400px'}} src="/images/visual-editor-hash-attr-missing.png" alt="Hash attribute is missing"/>

### Debug Panel

> The Visual Editor now comes with a Debug Panel to help diagnose any issues with your SDK configuration and URL Targeting rules. Use this to help diagnose your own errors, or provide a screenshot to support when reaching out to help provide context.

Reviewer: "to support" --> "to our Support team"

> The Visual Editor now comes with a Debug Panel to help diagnose any issues with your SDK configuration and URL Targeting rules. Use this to help diagnose your own errors, or provide a screenshot to support when reaching out to help provide context.

Author: ```suggestion
The Visual Editor now comes with a Debug Panel to help diagnose any issues with your SDK configuration and URL Targeting rules. Use this to help diagnose your own errors, or provide a screenshot to our Support team when reaching out to help provide context.
```
